feat: add store name in footer and shop meta field (#725)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/changelog/changelog_en.md

- Added bank details to the order confirmation page if the payment method is cash in advance.
- Language is now customizable
- Optimization fixes

> - Use Storename in footer and shop meta field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The footer and `shop-name` meta field now use the shop name.
```
